---
title: Project structure
description: Learn how to structure your Zuby.js app
---

Learn how to structure your Zuby.js app
and what is the purpose of each file and directory of your new Zuby.js app.
The names of directories and files are case-sensitive and must be named exactly as described below
or in the [Configuration](/reference/configuration) section.

## Directories and files
Some directories and files are required and have special meaning for Zuby.js:
- `./` - The root directory of your Zuby.js app.
- `./pages` - The directory with the file-based routing (see [Routing system](/guides/pages)).
- `./public` - The directory with static files that will be copied to the output directory.
- `./zuby.config.mjs` - The config file for your Zuby.js app. (`zuby.config.ts` for typescript projects)
- `./tsconfig.json` - The typescript config file for your Zuby.js app (only for typescript projects).
- `./package.json` - The project manifest file for your Zuby.js app with all dependencies and scripts.
- `./package-lock.json` - The package lock file for your Zuby.js app. This file is generated by NPM and should not be modified manually.
- `./node_modules` - The directory with all dependencies of your Zuby.js app. This directory is generated by NPM and should not be modified manually.

## Build output structure
The build output structure is separated into two directories:
- `./build/client` - The directory with the client-side build output. This directory should be copied to static hosting.
- `./build/server` - The directory with the server-side build output. This directory should never be copied to static hosting or any public CDN as it may contain sensitive data.
- `./build/server.mjs` - The Zuby.js server file that allows to run the server and client builds.
- `./build/node_modules` - The traced dependencies for the server-side build.
- `./build/package.json` - The build manifest file for your Zuby.js app.